											"# Syllabus-Creation-Tool"

		For this iteration i main part was to make something that a faculty member could enter data into and create a generic syllabus template based off the data they entered.
	So, everything I added to the skeleton was clickable button for the faculty and a survey page for them. So, the clickable button was added to the instructor page which it
	says make a syllabus which will redirect them to the create syllabus page. Once on this page it will be a survey-like page where it asks for data that is needed to create
	a template once you hit submit. Also, if the data they entered is invalid is will just redirect the page back and produce an error message in the terminal. Finally, if
	the user hit submit and the data was all valid it will take them to the syllabus viewer page to see the data in a syllabus format.


	Software needed to run:
	
		For this to function you will need some ide to run the project (I used pycharm). Then for it work you will need python, django, selenium and the driver for the browser
	you use ( I used chromedriver and make sure it is the same version as your browser). The browser driver needs to be place inside of core folder of the project for it to work. Also, if used something other than chrome you will 
	need to get into the tests.py file and change the self.browser = webdriver.Chrome('core/chromedriver.exe'). For example, if you use firefox you would do self.browser = webdriver.FireFox('') and inside the ('') put
	core/ and then what ever the driver file is called.


	How to run the software:

	1)First you will need to clone the project 
	2)switch to the dev/syllabusTemplate
	3)Download the .env from Discord and save it to the project root directory (where you git cloned)
	4)Download your browser driver and then save it inside of the core folder
	4)If not using pycharm, create a venv and switch to it
	5)python -m pip install -r requirements.txt 
	6)python manage.py migrate
	7)python manage.py runserver 


	Optional:
		if you do not have selenium you can use this in the terminal to install it 

	1) python -m pip install selenium


	Then to test if the part I did worked:

		So, you will need to enter this into the terminal, and it will do three things. It will first prompt you to the instructor page and then click the make a syllabus button
	and take you to the next screen. Next, it will input valid data and show what happens if you do so which will reload the screen and give an error in the terminal what was
	wrong. The next test will prompt the syllabus maker screen and input correct data. Then it will click submit and show the data in a syllabus template.

	1)python manage.py test  


	